Add opting out of rules (#398)
JuliaDiff/ChainRulesCore.jl: docs/src/opting_out_of_rules.md

# Opting out of rules

It is common to define rules fairly generically.
Often matching (or exceeding) how generic the matching original primal method is.
Sometimes this is not the correct behavour.
Sometimes the AD can do better than this human defined rule.
If this is generally the case, then we should not have the rule defined at all.
But if it is only the case for a particular set of types, then we want to opt-out just that one.
This is done with the [`@opt_out`](@ref) macro.

> Consider one might have a rrule for `sum` (the following simplified from the one in [ChainRules.jl](https://github.com/JuliaDiff/ChainRules.jl/blob/master/src/rulesets/Base/mapreduce.jl) itself)

Author: ```suggestion
Consider one a `rrule` for `sum` (the following simplified from the one in [ChainRules.jl](https://github.com/JuliaDiff/ChainRules.jl/blob/master/src/rulesets/Base/mapreduce.jl) itself)
```

```julia
function rrule(::typeof(sum), x::AbstractArray{<:Number}; dims=:)
    y = sum(x; dims=dims)
    project = ProjectTo(x)
    function sum_pullback(ȳ)
        # broadcasting the two works out the size no-matter `dims`
        # project makes sure we stay in the same vector subspace as `x`
        # no putting in off-diagonal entries in Diagonal etc
        x̄ = project(broadcast(last∘tuple, x, ȳ)))
        return (NoTangent(), x̄)
    end
    return y, sum_pullback
end
```

That is a fairly reasonable `rrule` for the vast majority of cases.

You might have a custom array type for which you could write a faster rule.

> For example, the pullback for summing a`SkewSymmetric` matrix can be optimizes to basically be `Diagonal(fill(ȳ, size(x,1)))`.

Author: `SkewSymmetric` is not a type that exist anywhere.
I also really like this example.
A alternative might be a FillArray.
But I always struggle about reasoning about FillArrays.

For now, I will add a wikipedia link.

```suggestion
For example, the pullback for summing a [`SkewSymmetric` (anti-symmetric)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Skew-symmetric_matrix) matrix can be optimized to basically be `Diagonal(fill(ȳ, size(x,1)))`.
```

Similar can be done  `@opt_out frule`.
It can also be done passing in a [`RuleConfig`](@ref config).

### How to support this (for AD implementers)

We provide two ways to know that a rule has been opted out of.

## `rrule` / `frule` returns `nothing`

`@opt_out` defines a `frule` or `rrule` matching the signature that returns `nothing`.

If you are in a position to generate code, in response to values returned by function calls then you can do something like:
```@julia
res = rrule(f, xs)
if res === nothing
    y, pullback = perform_ad_via_decomposition(r, xs)  # do AD without hitting the rrule
else
    y, pullback = res
end
```
The Julia compiler, will specialize based on inferring the restun type of `rrule`, and so can remove that branch.

## `no_rrule` / `no_frule` has a method

`@opt_out` also defines a method for  [`ChainRulesCore.no_frule`](@ref) or [`ChainRulesCore.no_rrule`](@ref).
The use of this method doesn't matter, what matters is it's method-table.
A simple thing you can do with this is not support opting out.
To do this, filter all methods from the `rrule`/`frule` method table that also occur in the `no_frule`/`no_rrule` table.

> This will thus avoid ever hitting an `rrule`/`frule` that returns `nothing` and thus makes your library error.

Author: It errors because the library somewhere includes the code
```julia
y, pullback = rrule(f, x)
```
And that errors if `rrule` doesn't return an iterator.

> This will thus avoid ever hitting an `rrule`/`frule` that returns `nothing` and thus makes your library error.

Reviewer: oh, of course, that makes sense, I just read it wrong. I thought it meant that filtering methods will make the library error.

```suggestion
This will thus avoid ever hitting an `rrule`/`frule` that returns `nothing` (and thus prevents your library from erroring).
```
